ladies and gentlemen don't move don't
stir the best distilled appear
macoco
macoco the fabulous the hawk of the sea
the prince of pirates whose spirit and
legend will live on through the ages for
his immortal deeds staggering to the
imagination and ravishing the
sensibilities with tales of wealth of
stolen treasure of maidens captive for a
whim or a caress oh I can see you now in
battle the clash of swords the roar of a
mccannon and you Yumiko standing there
with lightning breaking about you you
dominating everything manually there's
something I have to tell you I think I
thought you were nothing but a I'm an
actor oh now look I apologized object
Lea what more can I do
just exactly you're overdoing this your
veins in Victor
all the world of the clock short trips
tell jokes and you open up the top
person you'll die get pants and you ride
a boat to go man if I'll be a cloud
you